Run!
No! No!
Let him go.
I said let him go.
I never thought I'd see you again.
Yeah, I thought the same.
What are you doing out here?
You alone?
You see anybody with me?
I saw you out on the road with the others.
Who are they?
You one of them?
Crossed a small group on the road.
No. I ain't one of them.
I travel light. Just like always.
We're gonna go. Come on, boy.
Come on.
- Well, that's funny.
- What's funny?
I always thought he liked you better.
Look, I don't know who you're fighting,
but I am not part of it.
We're going. Come on!
Let's see if you were right.
I came back for you.
I looked everywhere for you.
I'm sorry you ended up with these people.
These people are my family.
They never stopped looking for me.
When they found me, I came home.
What about your family, Daryl?
The ones you told me about,
that it was out on the road?
My family picked the wrong fight
with the wrong people a long time ago.
It's like I told you, I'm alone.
You're filthy.
Up.
Again!
The others, are they still out there?
Hmm?
Are they close?
I don't know.
Who's the leader?
Is it the woman?
- I ain't one of 'em.
- Bullshit.
Enough.
Sure.
I said stop. I'll handle it.
He'll crack.
I just need a little more time.
I've given you enough time already.
I said, up!
I need you to cooperate.
I told you everything.
You told us nothing.
Talk!
The one we answer to won't be so nice.
I traded with them.
They gave me some food.
I hawked some gear.
I knew them less than a week.
Unh-unh.
Go ahead, kill me if you want.
I got nothing else to say.
Should have
never brought him back.
- I know what I'm doing.
- Yeah, you keep saying that.
Daryl. Is that you?
The others, are they okay?
Man, I don't know where your friends are.
I don't care, neither.
- But I...
- But nothing.
Just 'cause we shared a bag of grain
does not make me give a shit about you.
Understand?
Whatever beef you have with these people,
I want no part of it.
Hear me?
You need to shut up.
Leave me alone.
Got it?
I got it, yeah.
Yeah, I was right about you.
Should have let you starve.
Asshole.
I ain't telling you bastards a thing.
Get up. Get up!
Let me go!
Just as stubborn as ever.
Is that what you think this is?
Hmm?
Me being stubborn?
Fine.
Hard-headed.
You need to tell me the truth.
I've never lied to you.
Never, Leah.
I'm not gonna start now.
Let's try this again.
What do you know about those people?
I don't know shit.
I'd help you if I could. You know I would.
Just give me Dog. Let me go.
You'll never see me again.
Is that what you want?
What is it?
We found Bossie.
And Turner?
I tried. I couldn't save him.
I tried.
It's okay, son.
You did the right thing.
You brought him home.
Lord, we release
our brother Turner to you.
Please, hold him close.
- In your name, O Lord. Amen.
- Amen.
God is here.
He's angry.
I'm angry.
Do you feel that?
Hmm?
Go make them feel our wrath.
What happened?
One of my brothers is dead.
Michael Turner was his name.
We fought all over the world together.
Pope brought him in after our last tour,
when he started his company.
- I thought you were soldiers.
- We were.
Then we went private.
You didn't tell me you were a merc.
I mean, what does it matter?
It was the same damn job.
Except we could actually pay our bills.
Michael was like me, you know?
He didn't have a family.
He was the little brother I never had.
You know,
the little brother I always wanted.
And he's dead.
You know, we lost a lot of people here.
And that's been hard.
But not like this.
This is the first time I lost
someone close to me in a long time.
Well...
Except maybe for you.
You didn't lose me.
I came back and you were gone.
You left me.
I asked you what you wanted.
You left.
I got scared.
Of what?
Letting go.
It doesn't matter.
We wouldn't have worked anyway.
Couldn't have been happy,
not in a world like this.
Is that you talking or your family?
Like you've never done things.
Killed people.
I know the things you've done.
So you have no right to judge, not at all.
This is me, Daryl, the good and the bad.
All of it, and always has been.
I don't believe you.
Well, I can't help with that.
But I can help you save yourself.
Because despite everything,
I still care about you.
And I don't want anything
bad to happen to you.
So you need to tell me something. Anything.
Because if you can't,
I can't control my commander
and what he will do next.
He's angry about Turner
and he wants someone to pay.
There's a woman.
She's the leader.
They were speaking in code
because I was an outsider.
There's a tall, skinny guy,
never shuts up.
And a priest who carries a shotgun.
- That's their leadership?
- Yeah.
But they have the numbers.
One of their soldiers slipped up
and he was gonna go meet
three dozen of their fighters.
That's way more than the 15 you got here.
You've been doing
your work down here, huh?
I'll have you moved out of here tonight,
so you can be more comfortable.
When do I meet him, this Pope?
Soon.
Well, you were right.
He was hard to break.
He told me there are a lot more
out there than we thought.
More than twice the force we have in here.
I think he'll be good here, though.
And we need the manpower...
with Turner gone, and Nichols
and Montanio still missing.
Say something.
You know I hate it when you do this.
Do what?
Freeze me out.
Not everything is about you, Leah.
- I never said it was.
- No, no.
Because here we are losing a day,
attracting our enemy because you...
you had to go on a fishing expedition
with an old boyfriend.
So go on then, tell me.
You find what you're looking for?
I told you he would be useful
and I was right.
He's a lot like us.
Pain doesn't scare him,
death doesn't scare him.
Carver saw it.
Come on. You see it.
I just see a guy
who wants to get in your pants.
Fine.
Who couldn't stop gazing
at somebody he loved.
I never said he loved me.
Oh.
You could have ended him
out there today and you didn't.
Why?
At one point,
he meant something to me, yeah.
I've been open about that.
But it ended the day you found me
and I chose this family.
And I have never once
regretted that decision.
And I don't want you to either.
Do you?
I believe in you.
More than the others.
I know.
You think we can trust him?
Yeah.
Good. Now let me see for myself.
You got something to say?
Come on, man.
Don't be shy.
You're about to meet the man.
Yeah. Save that coy shit
for your girlfriend.
Aw, Shaw ain't nobody's girlfriend.
I'm betting she wears
the pants for homeboy here.
Isn't that right?
You don't know shit about shit,
Carver, knock it off.
Well, guess I'll just show
my dumb ass out then.
Pope is on his way.
Anything you want to tell me
about this guy before I meet him?
Just follow my lead.
Hey!
Here! Take it! Take it!
Come on!
Forged by fire.
Ordained by God.
Welcome him.
Fortitudo Saludis!
You believe in God?
No. No, I don't.
Not anymore.
I guess I just believe in me now.
Hmm.
Well, that's a mistake.
- Why is that?
- You're not him.
I passed your little test, didn't I?
Whatever you want to call it.
You think that's the end of it?
What else do you want from me?
I want...
I want you to understand.
Sit down.
We all met in the valley of death.
That's what we call it anyway.
Hills of Afghanistan.
Fought for our country,
carried our fallen brothers off the field.
Carried so many
we lost count after a while.
Politicians.
They wrote the checks.
We weren't anything to them.
Just props.
Props for their next campaign.
You see, they talked about God.
They didn't know God.
They never saw his face.
Not like we did.
No, we saw God everywhere.
He was in the blood
and the horror and death.
He was there telling us where to go.
Didn't have much else to hold on to
in those days but him.
And each other.
You smoke?
That war damn near ruined
all of us for good.
Came home, my guys had permanent injuries,
they couldn't sleep,
they couldn't find real jobs.
So...
They called us mercenaries.
We did all the ugly, dirty work
nobody else wanted to do.
Got paid for it too, handsomely.
Real dirty work started after the fall.
Never been in a war like that.
Never seen that kind of chaos,
and I had seen everything.
But this...
Oh, the things we did.
All that death, day after day after day.
After a while, I started to feel like you.
Wondering... Wondering where God was.
Till he showed his face again.
You see, politicians, they had
one last war to get behind,
but this time, coming for us.
The bombs came thick and fast.
They did not stop.
We lost some of our own.
I had to run through the fire
to save them.
Found this little church
at the edge of town
and we holed up there as everything,
and I mean everything, burned around us.
When the fires finally died down,
I looked at my people.
I could not believe it.
Not a trace of blood.
No burn marks.
Not even a scratch.
And that's when I knew.
We were the chosen ones.
These men...
these men upon whose bodies
the fire had no power.
God chose you tonight.
I mean, you... you came out
of that fire alive and whole.
Look at you now, sitting right here.
You hurt? Hmm?
Any burns? A scratch?
I've been through worse before.
Are you hungry?
You were right about this one.
'Course I was.
Give him some, Bossie.
Don't be greedy.
He's family now.
You know what he did, don't you?
He walked 10 miles
with his dead brother on his back.
Ten miles.
The strength that took.
You have any idea how grateful we are?
Turner will have a proper burial.
Just did what any one of us
would have done.
Mm.
Are you still hurt?
Hmm?
You need anything?
I just have one question.
Sir?
Something's been bothering me.
Your wounds are on your back.
Pope. It's been a rough day.
Just getting clarity, Shaw.
Where were you
when Turner was being attacked?
I was right there, just like I told you.
Uh-huh.
- Facing the enemy?
- Yeah.
He's been through enough.
Human nature to run when you are scared.
You know what that's like, right?
It takes divine strength
to face your fear head on,
risk everything for someone else.
We all saw what you did.
Getting Shaw out of the fire first,
and you felt it.
Huh?
How far he would go just to keep you safe.
Today, God baptized you in that fire.
Made you one of us.
You see,
there's one thing I forgot to tell you.
Never turn your back on your brother.
God doesn't only use
fire as his baptism...
it's also his wrath.
No!
We are the chosen ones.
We run into the battle.
We run into the fire.
Always.